so your folks are going out of town just
use your best judgment you know we just
got the place all to yourself hmm a good
time jewel in the privacy of your own
home just take those oh that's her she's
fantastic
have a good time last night I had a
great time you ever get high Joe don't
ever do anything stupid don't worry
who's the u-boat commander
I don't remember giving permission for a
party joke a party
I've got a trig mid-term tomorrow and
I'm being chased by Guido the killer
pimp doesn't anyone want to accomplish
anything or do we just want to make
money make money make a lot of money
there's a time for playing it safe and a
time for risky business
you